doc(CU-8693ku56e): deprecate dind chart (#42)
spacelift-io/spacelift-helm-charts: spacelift-worker-pool/README.md

> ⚠️ **[NOTICE] This chart is being deprecated, please migrate to k8s native setup with [spacelift-workerpool-controller](../spacelift-workerpool-controller)** ⚠️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **[NOTICE] This chart is being deprecated, please migrate to our Kubernetes operator with [spacelift-workerpool-controller](../spacelift-workerpool-controller)** ⚠️
```
